I made it out.  I can't believe I made it out.
Where the hell am I?  I know I got into the real world, but it looks like the same thing as before. Same warehouse and everything.
Did I make it out?
Huagh...  Huaggghhh....
O.K., Vomit, probably a good thing.  I think It's safe to say that I got out, time to figure out where I am.
Time to explore a little; ok, not the only warehouse around here.  No city. No people.  Guess I am outside.
Sweet, I'm safe, but now what do I do.  I don't have to worry about being killed or captured by the government, but I do have to worry about food and shelter.
Once that's finished I can worry about what else there is around here. I don't see much, but I could take shelter in the warehouse, after all, who's going to stop me?
It's very quiet here. I wonder what happened...no...I can't think about that. I need to focus, then I can worry about these things after...
Ok, let's go outside and see what I can see.
+
Holy Crap.  There's nothing.  Nothing at all.  I heard about nuclear devesastation, but I never thought it could be real.
No plants, no wildlife.  Nothing...
How will I survive?  Did I just write my own death sentence?...
                                                                                                                           ~Three Weeks Later~
I guess now I know what that machine meant when it said evolve.  It's been three weeks and I'm doing just fine.
No Hunger, no Thirst and I don't feel any sickness from living in all this radiation. My body has been transformed into somethinghtat can survive this harsh wasteland.
It's not so bad, only problem is...
...I can't stop thinking about all of it, my friends and family, my life. I need to go back. I need to figure what's happening, and what can I do about those people. 
First things first, I need to get to the central core and find out what my options are.  Can I get back in, or do I ahve to do something else.
Let's see, quick search through the mainframe and........ ok, there it is.  The info that I need, looks like there are three files.
........
Alright, looks like I have three choices. I can force evolve everyone in the simulation and eject them.  I can release the info I got into every data stream on the system, or I can erase my presence and go back in as some one new.
Looks like each one is set off by a different condition on the server.  I can hack and hit the preverbial "button" to force evolve people. I can erase all the security and let every one know where they are, or I can fill the memory buffer until it overloads and dumps all my info.