OUCH!, Stupid static shock.  Whatever, I got in, now let's see what kind of things the government is trying to hide.
This looks like a big file, has a cool looking name too.
........
.......
What....?
What the Hell did I just find?
crap crap crap crap crap crap crapcrapcrapcrapcrapcrapcrapcrapcrapcrapcrapcrapcrapcrapcrapcrapcrapcrapcrap
I cannot believe this.  I literally cannot believe this.  Whta th hell could this posible mean.  This is Matrix style crap.
.....
Man......
.......
O.k., let's go back to square one, let's go over what I saw in those files.
This world is not what it seems.  It's not a "World" at all, it's a program, a system.  A grouping of codes and files and AI.
No wonder the Government didn't want this to get out, they're the ones that put us here, and they'll do anything to keep us here.
The files didn't explain why they put us here, but it doesn't matter, my whole life is a lie, everything I've ever known is a lie.
I decided to do this stupid thing because I felt like my life was too boring and I wanted to do something that would make me feel better, not actually change my whole freaking life.
.......
Damn it, What do I do know?  I can't just go ahead with my life like nothing has changed, but what the hell can I do.
I can't just tell people, I'l be killed, but I can't go back to work and keep doing what I've been doing.
Maybe.....maybe I can find other people who know?  Yeah, I can't be the only person to know about this.  I can't be the only person who ever got into this information, maybe I can do a service check to see where this informations has been accessed from.
....
ohnoohnohono, there's a silent alarm that I triggered somewhere, they know I'm here.
gotta go!
......
.....
huff, huff.  Good thing I got out when I did, that server room just got stormed by all the police in the damn city.  I don't know if they know who got in there, but I'd better not take any chances.
First I need to get home and get a ready bag set up and then I need to get out of here. Maybe if I don't here anything about it for a while, then I can be sure that I'm safe.
+
Back home, oh man , I feel tired, maybe all that running and adrenaline took more out of me than I expected.  Maybe I can lie donw for just a minute before I get out of town.
......
zzzzz.....zzzzzz.....
                                                                                                                                 ~Some Time Later~
AH, crap, I guess I really was tired, what time is it?  Damn it, Thursday, that's more than a 24 hours of sleeping.
That can't be just from what I was doing, maybe the government found me and drugged me? No, that's stupid, they would have killed me or put me in jail, not make me sleep for a whole day.  Has to be something else.
Wait, I can't think about this stuff right now, I need to get out of town.  Gotta get my bag together, maybe change, con't want to look like a hobo.
.....
Alright, looking good.  oh great, now my face is on TV, well, guess thay know who I am. Now what do I do....
Get out.. I need to get out, that's on eof the things I found on that stupid server, there's a way out of this thing, this whole program.  There are hubs all over the place, one in each major city.
If I can get to the one here, I can get out and not have to worry about anything anymore, at least not the government.
Alright, no time to mull it over, I just need to go.
....
Well, that was far less eventfull than I thought, this place isn't even gaurded.  I guess that makes sense, don't want anyone to being suspiciouse about this warehouse.
ALright, now that I'm here, what do I do?  Think, think, think.  Maybe there's a digital manuel on the machine itself.
.....
Alright, I knew that there would be something, and what a something it is. This thing not only explains how to get out of here, but also how to get out with something a little extra.
I don't know what the "Evolution" it's talking about, but maybe I should go for it.
Leave                                    or                                   Evolve                                            You won't know what will happen untill you try