Year 30Post-Zenith(PZ), we live in a "Utopia" where every citizen has a purpose and crime is non-exsistent.
Of course that "purpose" is given to you by the government and there's no crime because state malitia stand watch at every corner.
Not that any of that really matters, but I'm getting ahead of myself.  My name is Phalanx Xenon, yeah, I know, but I didn't pick it.
I'm telling you about this because I'm done.  I'm done pretending that my life matters and that I enjoy where my life is going.
I want to make it clear that I'm working a dead end job I didn't choose and I have no reason to continue living like I have been.
At thirty years old, you'd think that I'd have a girlfriend, a cool hobby, or at least some kinda thing that validates my exsistance.
Nope, I'm just an average guy witha wierd name and nothing to live for. Nothing, that is, untill today.
I'm fed up with my life, but I'm not suicidal; no, I want to make something of myself, so I'm going to do something crazy, I'm going to hack into the government mainframe and download all their dirty secrets.
I've seen how the government treats potential threats, seems like they're hiding something pretty big, and whether I succeed or fail, it'll at least be interesting.
+
With all the police around, it's not goingto be easy to get into the security hub where my ultimate goal is, but that's to be exected.
If this was going to be easy I wouldn't really want to do it anyway.  I guess I'll just hang out and see where the gaps in their patrols are, then I'll make my move.
......
                                                                                                                                  ~Several Hours Later~
Well, I think I know about all I'm goingto from sitting here, time to take my chances and go for it.
.......
Shoot, almost got seen.
Damn it!  So close.
Maybe take a right....
Yes!
Alright, now that I'm in, should be smooth sailing. While my day job might be boring, being in cyber security gives me a leg-up on these old machines.
Let's see, an old SCC 15.01 operating system, shouldn't be too hard to crack.
.......Except it has the new security protocols that haven't even been released yet. Great, now what?  I can either take my chances by bypassing the system, potentially setting the alarm off, or I can take my time and create a sub-routine that will prevent the alarm from sounding.
Risk it?                                 or                                  Be Safe?                       (Faster Ball Speed,                                      (Slower Ball speed,                                            fewer alarm bricks)                                        more alarm bricks)